README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/c32cf999-28cc-4d49-91fa-7c9496a450a4" alt="compressed (2) (1)"/>
</p>

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Vpg-3e7smzjkEo0I84zST_0cgoqpIJuT?usp=sharing)


# Medicine Scan with Gemini

The PharmaScan app, powered by revolutionary Gemini Pro Vision API that empowers you to scan your medicines and analyze them for instant prescription information.

This app takes an image of any medicine and generates a prescription instantly covering the medicine name, symptoms it cures, primary diagnosis, dosage, and method of use.

<p align="right">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/a71f1e6d-0828-4b14-b3f2-545bf94cb4a8" alt="compressed (2) (1)"/></td>
      <td><img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/8a9686db-3c16-4850-aede-1d3c1822d509" alt="Gemini_Pro_Vision_App (2)"/></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</p>

## Steps to run:

1. Clone the repository on your local machine.
2. Open the project in Android Studio.
3. Get the Gemini API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) and paste it in the ```Android_App/app/src/main/java/com/example/pharmascan/GenerativeAiViewModelFactory.kt``` file on Line 26.
4. Build the project.
5. Install the Android app on your phone and enjoy using PharmaScan. 

## Resources:

1. Try it on HF Spaces: https://huggingface.co/spaces/Aashi/Medicine-Prescription-with-Gemini
2. Demo video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q06ABLwFGTQ
3. Blog: https://aashi-dutt3.medium.com/pharmascan-with-gemini-1257d11940b5
4. What more to do with Gemini: https://www.kaggle.com/code/prathameshbang/gemini-api-starter-notebook
5. Generate API Key: https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey
6. Gemini: https://blog.google/technology/ai/gemini-api-developers-cloud/
7. Gemini sample app: https://developer.android.com/studio/preview/gemini-template


**Note**: This app is just a proof of concept and should not be used as an actual prescription. Please visit a doctor for any health-related matter.

Commit message:

Added LIVE demo link on HuggingFace Spaces.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/c32cf999-28cc-4d49-91fa-7c9496a450a4" alt="compressed (2) (1)"/>
</p>

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Vpg-3e7smzjkEo0I84zST_0cgoqpIJuT?usp=sharing)


# Medicine Scan with Gemini

The PharmaScan app, powered by revolutionary Gemini Pro Vision API that empowers you to scan your medicines and analyze them for instant prescription information.

This app takes an image of any medicine and generates a prescription instantly covering the medicine name, symptoms it cures, primary diagnosis, dosage, and method of use.

<p align="right">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/a71f1e6d-0828-4b14-b3f2-545bf94cb4a8" alt="compressed (2) (1)"/></td>
      <td><img src="https://github.com/NSTiwari/Medicine-Scan-with-Gemini/assets/25379502/8a9686db-3c16-4850-aede-1d3c1822d509" alt="Gemini_Pro_Vision_App (2)"/></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</p>

## Steps to run:

1. Clone the repository on your local machine.
2. Open the project in Android Studio.
3. Get the Gemini API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) and paste it in the ```Android_App/app/src/main/java/com/example/pharmascan/GenerativeAiViewModelFactory.kt``` file on **Line 26**.
4. Build the project.
5. Install the Android app on your phone and enjoy using PharmaScan. 

## Resources:

1. Try it on HF Spaces: https://huggingface.co/spaces/Aashi/Medicine-Prescription-with-Gemini
2. Demo video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q06ABLwFGTQ
3. Try a LIVE demo on [HuggingFace Spaces](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Aashi/Medicine-Prescription-with-Gemini).
4. Blog: https://aashi-dutt3.medium.com/pharmascan-with-gemini-1257d11940b5
5. What more to do with Gemini: https://www.kaggle.com/code/prathameshbang/gemini-api-starter-notebook
6. Generate API Key: https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey
7. Gemini: https://blog.google/technology/ai/gemini-api-developers-cloud/
8. Gemini sample app: https://developer.android.com/studio/preview/gemini-template


**Note**: This app is just a proof of concept and should not be used as an actual prescription. Please visit a doctor for any health-related matter.
